so Jim will you when you assess
sentiment this morning is it is it about
Buffett is it about wider delineation
between a reopening and economic
normalization or is it about the
president's comments last night and just
inflaming already existent fears of
us-china trade tensions I was all for
taking on the Chinese when our economy
was really robust and I think the
Chinese people the Communist Party's bad
actors not the Chinese music Billy booth
they're not bad actors and a lot of them
love Americans but I think it's really
important to recognize that the
president now seems to want to raise
tariffs for the 30 million people
unemployed so there we are
that is 1932 I mean why I would say but
I was happy that we raised Harris when
the economy was humming and I do believe
that the Chinese again I don't know what
happened exactly Wuhan nobody knows but
I don't want to take them on right now
and I listen to the president he's like
acts as if the economy is just doing
great
or that it's going to come right back
but we ought to be careful there are
historical paradigms that are very bad
when your economy is doing poorly and
you raise tariffs and I think that the
history books have to be open that's not
fake news that's history right right the
fact is the Chinese economy is
recovering although it's not as clear
the Chinese consumer is willing to spend
and we're sort of seeing that in some of
the early numbers here in terms of
regions and parts of the economy there
well now that it's much of it is
reopened but they are coming back more
quickly perhaps than we will and that's
you know yet something else that we'll
be looking back at in terms of wondering
about I think Jim how quickly they were
able to rebound versus how long it will
take us to and the rest of the Western
world to a certain extent although there
seems to be no doubt that many companies
are focused on their supply chains and
trying to figure that out and perhaps
changing it in a way that they even
hadn't thought about during the during
the height of the trade war with China
well it is interesting to see how many
companies have these really awful supply
chains that are routed through China and
I'm glad we were speaking to Marc
Benioff CEO of Salesforce because so
many products start in China or
routed from China and the president
saying listen get out of China it's
gonna be hard China really hooked us
right now look what are you gonna do
most of our companies are about making
as much money as possible and China was
the cheapest producer but when you think
about it you look and you think okay
Apple that that stock was doing very
well until the president really went
ballistic about China and pompay OHS
comments this weekend basically just say
it is vast international conspiracy by
by the Chinese against the rest of us
and I don't think it's a vast
international conspiracy
I think the bats got too close in the
web markets but if he wants to build a
case to try to get it so people don't
want to cooperate with the Chinese again
that's gonna cause a lot of problems
with our companies look I don't want to
represent earnings per share versus
patriotism but we have to recognize that
what was said this weekend was Chile
you